Now the full head of flowers has arrived
Now it's just a mouthful of sweet
It can be completely cured
You should arrange to live in a place like this
This is where I live.
You live in a side room
I am the Virgin of justice
When did you live in such a shabby place?
That was before
You are just a maid now
You'd better get used to your identity in advance
you
Before in Infernal Purgatory
I heard that you want to guide the Infernal Demon Emperor to become an emperor
True or False
Why would I lie to you?
Then you can also guide my cultivation
You obediently be a maid
Serve the deity well
I can consider giving you some pointers.
Okay, now let's boil the water
I'm going to bathe and change clothes
Boil water
You let me go
It's just you.
If you don't want to go, you have to go.
Boiling water for bathing
When did my grandma do such a thing?
big brother
Big brother big brother
Grand Elder held a gathering
Please go back
Leftover women are still used to it in my Tianzong
It's okay
That's good, that's good.
Haha, get to the point.
The old man keeps his word
Since you have successfully escaped the breakup of Xuanyan Sect
From now on, you are the true sect master